Docsp 16379 mongo client settings (#117)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/connection.txt

   mongodb://host1:27017,host2:27017,host3:27017

.. _mongo-client-settings-multiple-hosts:

> The code snippets below show how to specify multiple hosts to a ``MongoClient``
> instance using either the ``ConnectionString`` or ``MongoClientSettings`` class.

Reviewer: suggestion: conformity

```suggestion
The following examples show how to specify multiple hosts to a ``MongoClient``
instance using either the ``ConnectionString`` or ``MongoClientSettings`` class.
```

Author: This phrasing (code snippet) was obtained from the [authentication page](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java/blob/904bef566435a2e8b93cdc29666829b9671a61bb/source/fundamentals/auth.txt#L60). I am not attached to either phrasing. Perhaps it would make sense to make a decision as a team on what whether "code snippet" or "example" should be used?

I agree that "below" should be changed to "the following" as per [style guide](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java/blob/904bef566435a2e8b93cdc29666829b9671a61bb/source/fundamentals/auth.txt#L60), great catch. Going forward, I will try to avoid using "above", "below" when referencing examples.

Committing suggested change.
